Immunization                                               
95% of all identified (master list) children immunized       Number of eligible children (0-23 months) accurately master listed provided with updated vaccination record.
Catch-up Immunization         No of missed children identified in the community and endorsed for catch-up immunization.      
Catch-up Immunization         No of Children Immunized  in the community / with BCG               
Catch-up Immunization         No of Children Immunized in the community /with Pentavalent 
Catch-up Immunization         No of Children Immunized  in the community /with OPV                 
Catch-up Immunization         No of Children Immunized  in the community/with MMR   

Nutrition				
Nutritional Assessment among 0-59 months old	No. of 0-59 months old children assessed with the following nutritional status:	
	1. Underweight			
	2. Severely Underweight			
	3. Stunted			
	4. Severely Stunted			
	5. Wasted (MAM)			
	6. Severely Wasted (SAM)			
Breastfeeding	No. of pregnant and lactating women counseled on breastfeeding	
Vitamin A Supplementation	No. of children 6-59 months given Vitamin A	
	No. of children 6-59 months old given with LNS-SQ			
Monitoring and Referral of Moderately Acute Malnourished (MAM) and Severely Acute Malnourished (SAM) to OTC	No. of MAM and SAM children monitored and referred for appropriate intervention in OTC	
Maternal Micronutrient Supplementation (Iron with Folic Acid or MMS)	No. of pregnant women provided with the complete dosage of iron with folic acid supplementation as soon as pregnancy is confirmed	
Maternal Nutritional Status	Number of identified nutritionally-at-risk pregnant women	Number	All real numbers	
Deworming	No. of 12-59 months old provided with deworming tablets.	

Immunization				
95% of all identified (master list) children immunized	Number of eligible children (0-23 months) accurately master listed provided with updated vaccination record.	
Catch-up Immunization	No of missed children identified in the community and endorsed for catch-up immunization.	
Catch-up Immunization	No of Children Immunized  in the community	
	with BCG			
Catch-up Immunization	No of Children Immunized in the community	
	with Pentavalent 			
Catch-up Immunization	No of Children Immunized  in the community	
	with OPV			
Catch-up Immunization	No of Children Immunized  in the community	
	with MMR			
